(LOOΠΔ's look-alike members selfie!)
HyunJIn: Hey, get out, Park Gowon!
Go Won: Ah~ Why~
Go Won: I think these two look alike and we two look alike
Olivia Hye: We all look alike, don’t it?
Yves: Is that so?
Go Won: We’re not that close
Go Won: Then how we can take a natural selfie?
(The combination of the second girl from the front and the second girl from the end!)
(Anyway they’ve started “Sse sse sse”)
Go Won: Yves~
HyunJin: Do you know this?
HyunJin: Let’s do the friendship test!
Go Won: (Annoyed) Ah…
HyunJin: Let’s show them how good our friendship is!
HyunJin & Go Won: The friendship test!
HyunJin: We’re so not in sync!
HyunJin: Did you see? We’re close~
Go Won: No! We’re not close!
(Olivia Hye was watching it all and shook her head)
‘Why are you laughing?’
Olivia Hye: Because they look like they’re too much close~
HyunJin: Let’s stop now, I’m so tired.
Go Won: What?
YeoJin: Hey! Son Hyejoo!
HyunJin: Park Chaewon!
(Two events happened simultaneously)
(Sorry! We have just only one camera!)